# Get familiar with S3
* Online Travel Company uses S3 to store statistics on successful and failed searches data for the hotel reservation.As a data analyst you will help the Head of Product.* Head of Product wants to know: **What is the estimated monthly cost, the company needs to pay for storing this data?*** You should answer the question and **prepare a brief summary** that justify your answer

### Useful Context
* The company operates approximately with 5000 different destinations and 5 years (60 months) of data.* Searches are stored by location and time. Every location and month is represented by a file similar to :`s3://data.public.bdatainstitute.com/dam18/search_logs/2018/09/2018_09_18452212_log.json`



## Summary

The cost of hosting 5000 different locations for the last 5 years is: **≈ €1.77/month**

* **≈76 GB** data stored until September 2018. 
* Every month the company generates additional **≈ 1.28 GB** of data for the 5000 destinations.
* The price calculation includes storage only. It does not include transfer of data in and out from S3 server. That may incur additiona charges.

### Process 

* Find out monthly pricing for EU-Ireland region.
* Get size of docs available generate for the two months with command:
` Add command ` 

* Use the average to calculate the cost of storing information of 5000 locations for the last 60 months (5 years). 

| August  | September | Average |
|:-------:|:---------:|:-------:|
| 272 KiB    | 227.5 Kib | 249.75 Kib |
| 138 Bytes  | 133 Bytes |  135.5 Bytes  |

* Calculate the average in GB because the Amazon pricing is on GB.

| Calculations | Convert to GB |
|:-------|:-------:|
|249.75 / 976562.5 |0.000255744|
|135.54 / 1000000000 |0.0000001355|
|**Total:**|0.0002558795|

* Monthly Cost:  €1.77
