# Decision Making
## Task* Clients complain that the searches for a destinations sometimes fail. Head of product decided to addressthe issue, and ask development team to work on fix.* The team committed to work out the solution during August. It was agreed that the team’s bonus payoutwould depend on effectiveness of the solution.* **The Head of Product ask you to analyze the data and help him to decide whether the team deserve the bonus?**### Useful context:* Data for Barcelona destination (18452212) is representative so that any conclusions can be extrapolatedfor other destinations.

## Summary
* Yes, we are paying the bonus.  
* Assuming our bright engineerns reduce 0.70% the current error rate of 1.27%. Moving from 98.73% correct queries to 99.43% correct queries. 
* The company may be able to have additional 90 reservations per month per destination.
* **€5,396,327** incremental revenue per year including the 5000 destinations.

Below is explained the analysis to arrive to this conculsion:

### Step 1 - Data Gathering and Wrangling
* Pulled the data from the two sample files hosted on S3
* Convert the data from [JSON to CSV](http://convertcsv.com/json-to-csv.htm)
* Agregated the two months data into [Google Sheet] (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YrwDs81_JLI0HSvE1W5m1pTXXnYdzl23PZS6W3He-7w/edit?usp=sharing)

### Step 2 - Average and Error Rate Calculations
* Calculate the % of successfull and error queries for the two months.

|           | Correct  | Error    | Total Queries|
|----------:|:--------:|:--------:|:------------:|
| August    |  834,060 | 12,828   | 846,888
| September | 858,740  | 	8,950	 | 867,690
| Average (month)  |  846,400 | **10,889** | **846,400**
| Percentat |  98.73% | **1.27%** | **100%**


### Step 3 - Estimate Improvements
* Engineers are expecting to reduce the errors by 0.70%.

|     Description         | Value     |
|:----------------------: |:---------:|
| Reduction Errors:    |  -0.70%   |
| % Correct Queries       |   99.43%  | 
|  Correct Queries        | 852,401.02 |
| +Correct Queries        | 4,888 |


### Step 4 - Additional Revenue 
In order to decide if we pay the bonus an estimate of potential additional revenue is required.  

* Eccommerce conversion rate average 1.84% [source](https://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws/2014/03/17/what-is-a-good-conversion-rate)
* Assuming for every reservation the company makes €1.00. I made up this value, in the real world we will have an average reservation value per destination.


|     Description         |   Value.   |  Revenue
|:----------------------: |:----------:|:----------:|
| Revenue x destination | €1.00 |
| Average Conversion Rate | 1.84% |
| +Reservations/month x destination| 90 | €89.94 
| Number of Destination | 5000 | €449,694
| 1 year                |  12 months| **€5,396,327**


